Log in Travel Period (1 night) 23 Jun 2027 24 Jun 2027 Show availability Total Guests: 2 | 2 x | 1 x Double Romantic A romantic, smalland cozy double room, perfect for couples. The two large windows offer a direct view of the fabulous Dolomites, ideal for admiring spectacular sunrises. It features all the amenities, a comfortable double bed, and a full private en suite bathroom. GUESTS Select Guests This Unit accommodates up to 2 Adults and 1 Child but not exceeding 2 Guests. Currently added 2 Adults. Adults per Unit 2 Child per Unit 0 Quantity of Unit (number of beds in the dormitory) 1 Basic rate | Half board 2 guests € 220.00 Special offer | Half board 2 guests € 198.00 Total Guests: 4 | 4 x | 3 x Quadruple Superior Very comfortable and functional room, characterised by simple, minimalist furnishings that maximise space. Ideal for couples or families (up to 4 people), it has a double bed and a bunk bed. The window offers a picturesque view of the ski slopes or the beautiful mountain landscape. Equipped with a private en-suite bathroom. GUESTS Select Guests This Unit accommodates up to 4 Adults and 3 Children but not exceeding 4 Guests. Currently added 2 Adults. Adults per Unit 2 Children per Unit 0 Quantity of Unit (number of beds in the dormitory) 1 Basic rate | Half board 2 guests € 240.00 Special offer | Half board 2 guests € 216.00 Total Guests: 5 | 5 x | 4 x Deluxe room with splendid view of the Odle mountains Spacious double room featuring a magnificent window offering breathtaking views of the Dolomites. Perfect for couples travelling with a child or for families. It has a double bed and an additional bunk bed. The en suite bathroom is equipped with a washbasin, shower and toilet. If you book a room for two, a little surprise will be waiting for you upon your arrival: a toast with sparkling wine and a platter of appetizers, to get your stay off to the best possible start! GUESTS Select Guests This Unit accommodates up to 5 Adults and 4 Children but not exceeding 5 Guests. Currently added 2 Adults. Adults per Unit 2 Children per Unit 0 Basic rate | Half board 2 guests € 280.00 Special offer | Half board 2 guest € 252.00 5 x Bed in dorm with 5 beds The room is equipped with two sturdy and comfortable bunk beds and a single bed, providing a total of five beds. Each bed is provided with everything needed for a good night’s sleep: a sanitised mattress cover, a pillow with a pillowcase and a warm duvet. To ensure maximum hygiene, you must bring your own sleeping bag or sheet (sleeping bag liner). The bathroom facilities, complete with showers, are conveniently located outside the room, on the same floor. GUESTS Select Guests This Unit accommodates up to 5 Adults. Currently added 1 Adult. Adults per Unit 1 Quantity of Unit (number of beds in the dormitory) 1 1 Bed |Basic rate | Half board € 87.00 1 bed| Special offer | Half board € 78.30 1 x Bed in dormitory with 6 beds The room is equipped with three sturdy and comfortable bunk beds, offering a total of six sleeping places. Each bed is provided with everything necessary for optimal rest: hygienically cleaned mattress protector, pillow with cover, and warm duvet. To ensure maximum hygiene, it is mandatory to use your own sleeping bag or sheet (sleeping bag sheet). The sanitary facilities complete with showers are conveniently located outside the room, on the same floor. GUESTS Select Guests This Unit accommodates up to 1 Adult. Currently added 1 Adult. Adults per Unit 1 Quantity of Unit (number of beds in the dormitory) 1 1 bed Basic rate | Half board € 87.00 1 bed| Special offer | Half board € 78.30 8 x Bed in dorm with 8 beds The room is equipped with 4 sturdy and comfortable bunk beds, offering a total of eight sleeping places. Each bed is provided with everything necessary for optimal rest: hygienised mattress cover, pillow with case, and warm duvet. To ensure maximum hygiene, it is mandatory to use your own sleeping bag or sheet (sleeping bag sheet). The sanitary facilities complete with showers are conveniently located outside the room, on the same floor. GUESTS Select Guests This Unit accommodates up to 8 Adults. Currently added 1 Adult. Adults per Unit 1 Quantity of Unit (number of beds in the dormitory) 1 1 Bed| Basic rate | Half board € 87.00 1 Bed Special offer | Half board € 78.30 5 x 5-bed room – PRIVATE USE PRIVATE ROOM WITH 5 BEDS: it is equipped with two sturdy and comfortable bunk beds and a single bed, offering a total of five beds. Each bed is provided with everything needed for a good night’s sleep: a sanitised mattress cover, a pillow with a pillowcase and a warm duvet. To ensure maximum hygiene, guests must bring their own sleeping bag or sheet (sleeping bag liner). The bathrooms, complete with showers, are conveniently located outside the room, on the same floor. GUESTS Select Guests This Unit accommodates up to 5 Adults. Currently added 2 Adults. Adults per Unit 2 Quantity of Unit (number of beds in the dormitory) 1 6 x 6-bed room - PRIVATE USE PRIVATE ROOM with 6 beds. The room is equipped with three sturdy and comfortable bunk beds, providing a total of six beds. Each bed is provided with everything needed for a good night’s sleep: a sanitised mattress cover, a pillow with a pillowcase and a warm duvet. To ensure maximum hygiene, you must bring your own sleeping bag or sheet (sleeping bag liner). The bathroom facilities, complete with showers, are conveniently located outside the room, on the same floor. GUESTS Select Guests This Unit accommodates up to 6 Adults. Currently added 2 Adults. Adults per Unit 2 8 x PRIVATE ROOM with 8 beds. PRIVATE ROOM with 8 beds. The room is equipped with 4 sturdy and comfortable bunk beds, providing a total of eight beds. Each bed is provided with everything needed for a good night’s sleep: a sanitised mattress cover, a pillow with a pillowcase and a warm duvet. To ensure maximum hygiene, you must bring your own sleeping bag or sheet (sleeping bag liner). The bathroom facilities, complete with showers, are conveniently located outside the room, on the same floor. GUESTS Select Guests This Unit accommodates up to 8 Adults. Currently added 2 Adults. Adults per Unit 2 Quantity of Unit (number of beds in the dormitory) 1 Powered by RoomRaccoon Hotel Operation System